why the fuck would you pick a down
person up if you're not fucking infected
that's so retarded like Lisa like
changed right in front of us you
retardant oh my god
yeah what an idiot let's get that people
are so stupid sometimes
dude fucking I got down by it won one
game down by another innocent and I was
like it's like and he's like Oh what
should your book awesome with a fucking
joke either
dude get on the don't poop G okay we're
gonna straight your sump up to you right
now come at janky-ass dual monitors set
up here with my laptop beside me
freaking hug
oof
Oh
[Music]
yep yeah come on come come come
initially a minute I can show you do we
you know well that's fine
who's gonna Knight you that's how I do
you want idea first person or third
person um up to your BB I need some
first you for love you change eat overs
I need shape money in here and who else
Bry sir or somebody oh yeah everyone
without a full OG squad
the Bochy boys let me get my my $400
custom stock dorm room office chair set
up correctly spec spec spec spec spec
thick how is everybody doing today is
everybody everybody doing I'm glad this
room looks terrible right now my beer
net as well no way it's my internet yeah
it's just frozen or enough yeah you
capture card most likely no that's
unnecessary
I mean takes a lot of stress off your PC
cause like what do you like when you're
trying to stream or now like what's your
CPU and graphics card oh wait there it
goes it might just be YouTube freaking
out just now it looks fun mm-hmm you
just still see what you use it on
everything well I'll do that after we're
not in haciendas anymore obviously I got
stuff
I got a shotgun coming find this or dude
I'm following you
oh shit this guy with the stairs on
stairs
oof don't run in front of me like that
although your little heavy Naima heard
that first day right in front
oh shoot you killer yeah yeah blast boom
one mag I was looked over at my at the
other screen I guess I got a first did
take it take it back I'll just pick it
up yeah also take your boys oh hey look
a backpack can flare except for the
other side is probably not clear in the
mini-14 up here you wanna I just get an
AR suppressor dude I need to figure out
what settings working well you're
streaming online computer yeah this
looks like balls or huh yeah but like my
game looks fine yeah like I'm not taking
a performance hit but my game looks like
straight balls or the stream acts like
straight balls Oh heads up heads up is
that you ah I got you the third grenade
in here 2004
and might have just killed himself I
think there's two guys two guys out
there
the Friday chilla over by the house one
ran behind the house ones inside roof
corn on you right here when I say s
she's gotten some stuff up here
yeah I'm grabbing this 5:00 6:00 a.m. I
forgot I'll take an SKS in a bit let's
make sure we don't die first
yeah I'm pretty sure that guy just
killed himself with a grenade
Hey SKS is pretty loaded all you need is
the barrel and I got the girl where's
this kiss right here mommy I need ammo -
where's the car here it's on my marker
so here you swear just saw a grenade or
something right yes two guys go the
other be super lit yeah best look Oh -
time scope gonna grab that you have a
little girl know how this one right
there where okay okay just any
quick-draw sniper that was on here yeah
yeah I'll hold on to it I guess well
actually you have a course over here
just level 2 your helmet sir
yeah yeah that's the one I call it yeah
sure dude when I'm four I don't think
anybody little decide are you high I
need
what you need which is nice safe so I
can check my settings were quick and try
to like okay the neck yeah it's just in
the other mm-hmm
at the front I'm gonna keep those guys
behind me guy me shotgun go girl
chase it bitch
sure give you that yeah I didn't notice
France awaiting it right behind him
yeah I mean should we leave the don't
think they came in come back this is the
guys fighting fucking pussies we didn't
have a guy well girl what I want to
fight in I mean you stop this